Support message testing function in `throws` & `throwsAsync` assertions (#2995)
avajs/ava: docs/03-assertions.md

* `instanceOf`: a constructor, the thrown error must be an instance of
* `is`: the thrown error must be strictly equal to `expectation.is`

> * `message`: either a *string*, which is compared against the thrown error's message, a *regular expression*, which is matched against this message or a *function* which is passed the thrown error message and must return a boolean. true makes the assertion pass

Reviewer: I think this would be more readable if each accepted type would be on its own line.

> * `message`: either a *string*, which is compared against the thrown error's message, a *regular expression*, which is matched against this message or a *function* which is passed the thrown error message and must return a boolean. true makes the assertion pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `message`: either a *string*, which is compared against the thrown error's message, a *regular expression*, which is matched against this message or a *function* which is passed the thrown error message and must return a boolean for whether the assertion passed.
```
